From Hansel minutes.com it's Hansel
minutes or weekly discussion with
web developer and technologists. Scott
Hanselman hosted by Carl Franklin. This
is Lawrence Ryan announcing show number
one 35. Recorded live Wednesday,
October 8th, 2008. Support for Hanselman it's
just provided by. Tellerik already
controls the most comprehensive suite
of components for windows forms
and asp.net web applications. online@wwwdottelerikdotcomandby.net
developers journal, the world's leading
that net developer magazines online
at www dot  dot
com. In our last episode,
we kept the recorder rolling.
After the show, as Scott
spoke candidly with the guys
from stack overflow, the result,
a podcast that's a little
less polished and a little
more irreverence. We hope you
enjoy it. This has been
another episode of Hansel minutes
and I'll see you again
next week. Cool, dude, that
was good. That's twice as
long as I like to
be, sorry, I didn't mean
to call you guys out
for, but you know, again,
it's so different. I mean,
I spent seven years making
sites like right, of course
in flames today, but you
get the point, you know,
this, what you're doing is
not a best practice. It
can't be, you're going to
get, I'm worried. You're going
to get hacked. Right. Are
you worried you're going to
get hacked? Well, I don't
think, no, not really. I
mean, w w they would
have to like hack our
RDP passwords. Right? Well, now
that you throw it on
the gauntlet, somebody's going to
try it. I didn't mean
it. We'll just go change
all our passwords to like
pass phrases. I mean, there's
something for that, but the
point is though, is that
people are going to hack
a port, not because now
with a password. I mean,
that's script kitty type stuff.
I'm talking about people hacking
it, using known exploits in
the RDP protocol and overflowing
a buffer and getting it
not because they're gonna figure
your password out, but that's,
that's Microsoft. I mean, that's
just a patch issue, right?
I mean, we do have,
we do download lists, but
there's, there's certainly, there's zero
day exploits in there. Certainly
most exploits are actually six
week exploits where there's at
least a month to six
weeks of time where you,
the patches are being developed
and exploit and is known
by a few. But the
point I'm making is that
there's there's, there are certain
agreed upon best practices for
security and some of, you
know, layering, it is multilayered.
Right. And you're just, I
know if I, if I
were you and it was
my project, it was my
company. I would get a
security consultant to come in
and make recommendations and then
take him or leave him.
But I can think of
a dozen things that you
could do that would just
be involved, changing physical topology
and stuff that could, I
don't know. All I'm saying
is that when I was
working in banking, we, every
day we got to work
and it's like, is this
the day we're going to
be on ABC news? Or
is it going to be
tomorrow? Right. You know? Right.
Well, Jeff and I, well,
we didn't get into background,
which is too bad, but
it wasn't, it was a
long podcast. Jeff and I
worked together on a company
that delivered nine one, one
system, like literally like, so
people would theoretically, theoretically someone
called and our software didn't
work. Somebody could get killed,
like, right. Like, Oh, my
child is my child can't
breathe. And then our software
crashes. Right. So we, we
know that feeling we found
was that the type of
people developing the software, or
really no better than you.
It's just weird. How, I
don't know, you just have
to make it work. It's
just special Value judgments. What
I am saying is that
in my years of doing
that, it's got me paranoid
about security. And, and it
sounds like you guys are
paranoid about security and reliability
as well. I'm just surprised.
And we're getting, we're not
recording anymore, but I'm just
surprised you played it so
fast and loose with something
that is a huge target.
You know what I mean?
It's a challenge who, who
can bring down second or,
you know what I mean?
Well, you've lived through several
of those already, so we're
a little jaded, I guess.
Cause there's, it's a cipher
programmers, dude. What do you
think they're doing? They're out
there trying to do every
stupid thing you can think
of. It's amazing. Jeff, have
you thought about doing any
branded versions of your stuff?
Oh, it comes up like
every other day and I'm
totally for it, obviously, because
I mean the whole reason
you create software, so lots
of people can use it.
So sure. Why not? You
want to spread your seed
far and wide, But wouldn't
it split? Wouldn't it split
the knowledge though? Well, I
think that the issue there
and Joel and I talked
a little bit about this
on our podcast was that
it's really hard to develop
a product, right? Where you're
shipping something to someone and
you know, it's like packaging,
an open source project. It's
like half or more of
the work. Right. Building it.
That's that's, that's no thing.
Right. You just built it.
Awesome. It works for you.
It works on your, your
server and your context and
it fits your mental model
of how the world works.
Doris blog is a perfect
example for me because it's
a great blog. It works
great for me, but we
have no documentation. It's hard
to install cars. I don't
give it because it works
for me. That stuff is
a huge, huge amount of
work, right? Yeah. I think,
Hey, we're not done. We're
still building very much actively
building the site. Like there's
core pieces that are still
kind of missing. So it's
not ready. It's not fully
baked anyway. But even if
it was fully banked, I
would estimate at least two
to three months of just
packaging the code, getting an
installer. But I was thinking
more about that, about software
as a service style branding.
Well, even that, then we're
running like just brainstorming here.
But like if, if you
started, if you took like
a guy Kawasaki style doing,
you've seen his all top
stuff, right? Yes. He's just
exploring of sub domains. Right?
You've got these great tags.
Why don't you make tags
sub so that I can
hit ASP, net dot stack
overflow to comm and I
get a filtered view. I
can do it anonymously. I
don't need to have a
login. Right, Right. No, I
think the most obvious direction
for this is we've said,
okay, this is a site
for programmers. It's an explicit
goal, but there's a lot
of people that are just
it guys that are kind
of want to be programmers
a little bit. They know
enough to be dangerous. I
know what you're going. Yeah.
But be careful, you're gonna
get to the channel nine
situation. Right. Because now they've
got channel eight, channel 12
and 10 and 45, you
know? Right. But I think
that's the most obvious direction
is to have a site
for it. People. Yeah. That
comes up a lot. So,
so, and it's not as
stack overflow, like DSOD yeah.
Would you like some other
term, you know, SIS admins
would know. Yeah. But yeah.
Our development process is pretty
ghetto. I mean, there's no
doubt. I mean, honestly, I
mean, we have just one
server and we do everything
pretty much on one server
and I agree it's not
ideal, but it's, it's sort
of like we're in startup
mode. I'm just really trying
to keep our expenses. I
would rather pay Jared than
buy another server when he
puts you that way. Yeah.
Me too. Yeah, exactly. So,
so that's the situation we
had and you know, we
are starting to get some
ad revenue and we're starting
to ramp up and there's
some other ways we're going
to try to make money
on this thing. But until
we need it, you know,
it's sort of an as
you need it sort of
thing, and this is a
credit to asp.net. If I
was doing PHP, we would
be screwed. We wouldn't be,
God knows how many servers,
right. It'd be Facebook. Yeah.
Have you thought about other
things that are going to
spread out to like Facebook
apps and stuff like that?
We are going to have
a little badge. You can
put sort of a back
link scheme where you can
say, okay, this is my
stack overflow gamer card, right?
Like very much like the
Xbox live gamer card because
the Xbox live stuff was
the inspiration for a lot
of what we do in
terms of badges and reputation
and things like that. And
we want to have a
little badge that we're going
to serve up, that you
can link to your blog
or whatever. You should have
a whole host of them.
I want to be able
to put my questions, my
answers, my, my gamer card.
Yeah, exactly. It's like your
game. One of the more
interesting game cards have like
tabs. So like staying on
the gamer card, you can
explore their profile. Yeah, Sure.
No, totally. I mean, that's,
that's the direction we want
to go in because you
know, people are proud of
the work they've done and
this is more useful than
a gamer card. Cause this
is about your professional life,
right? Yeah. I mean, if
you're really good at CQL,
that's awesome. You can make
money doing that. You can't
make money, killing people in
halo for the most part.
Right. Interesting. If you put
together an API, a rest
API, if people would build
stack over 400 front ends
like Turrell, There's been some
requests for full blown API.
As we've tried to shut
a lot of it into
the RSS, we still have
a lot more work do
around, you know, Adam feeds
actually technically is what we're
using eventually an API for
now try to get as
much stuff behind, you know,
Adam as Paul  system,
not service model that's syndication
stuff. Or are you using
organic? No, you're talking to
us. Do you know who
you're talking to? Man, come
on guys are killing me.
You're just like XML writer,
but I don't know. Are
you like string builder? Come
on The view. The view.
Okay. Well you guys should
familiarize yourself with the results
stuff. Like, like rather than
using a view for Jason,
you would use like Jason
result. Right. You guys know
about that. Yeah. That's not
an issue. Yeah. So you
get the idea though about
action results as their own
kind of view. Yeah. Yeah,
no, we got, you don't
need a view to do
Adam. Right? You could just
say return Adam result, right?
No, no, no. We do
know that, but actually this
approach was kind of recommended.
So you're using views as
templates. You have some template
that looks like a document
you go for each and
you basically just have a
view as a templater and
you spit out for each
whatever and there's Adam that's
right. That's right. Yeah. Least
resistance, I guess. Yeah. Amazing,
amazing stuff. And amazingly crappy.
But Hey, I mean, again,
this, anytime you get like
one of these, all button
that guys or me, or
whoever bitching about purity, you
just say, Hey man, I
did it. What are you
doing? Right. That's the Ninja,
that's the comfort foods. You
just do the thing to
take success. Do you know
how to make the possible
out of the impossible? Well,
the dotnet ninjas at Telerik
do they just released a
huge pack of web controls,
all built on top of
ESPN at Ajax, that'll help
you build impossibly fast and
interactive applications in no time
at all. They've made the
impossible possible in desktop development.
If you think you can't
have a carousel component and
wind forms, well you can.
They're windows forms, suite features
a super powerful grid view
control on 32 other crazy
desktop components. That'll give you
a dazzling WPF like features,
but in wind farms, they
do the same thing in
reporting solutions with a new
design surface, like nothing else
looks just like graph paper.
Cause you advanced page layout
capabilities makes it feel more
like a graphic design software
than a reporting solution. Go
check them out@telerik.com and be
a dotnet Ninja. And thanks
for listening. You really do.
Have you got understand these
guys that we're talking to,
these are, these are really
close friends of mine from
previous jobs that were outstanding
programmers. So these are like
my, it just happened that
the people that I would
have handpicked to work with
on my previous job were
available to work with me
on stack overflow. And they're
working basically for slave wages,
right? So like we have
to be very efficient in
how we work. We don't
have weeks to set up
the ultimate set of unit
tests, right. Where you can
just go and, you know,
squirrel yourself away and just
do nothing but unit tests
for a week. I mean,
we have to ship code
to our users. Right. Right.
And we have to build
the features that actually drive
adoption of the application. And,
and a lot of times
we can't be as pure
as we would like to
be. But over time, we're
going to go back and
start, you know, we believe
in refactoring constantly. You know,
I I've, I've always said
this, we're going to rebuild
stack overflow four times. Right.
This is just the way
the software works. So I
am totally open to coming
back and constantly improving things
as well as there's time
to do. Yeah. Well good
for you guys. I think
it's great. I wish, I
mean, I wish all the
success in the world. I
think that envy is the
sincerest form of flattery. Yeah.
Well, no, thanks. I mean,
it's a fun site. We
just wanted to build something
that we liked. Right? Like
we, as programmers would want
to participate and I go
in like, I'm on there
for hours every day. You
guys are going to be
as successful as Digg or
more so because you are
reinventing a genre. I think,
I think it's great. I
think it's a big deal.
And I think you're going
to make millions. That's tremendous.
And thank you. But I
think that was the goal
was like, Hey, let's build
something awesome for us. And
when I say us, I
mean, programmers, this really is
for us. Right. And I
think that's why Jeff and
Jared have been doing such
a kick ass job for
slave wages because they know
this is something they can
point to wherever and say,
look, we helped build that
over for me. You might
disagree with some of the
architectural choices, but at its
core, any asp.net dev could
come look at this and
they would get it. It's
not like our code. Is
that crazy? Right? Yeah. I,
I totally get your, I
don't know if you said,
have you seen baby smash?
I have, I have, I
have. I've seen screenshots of
it. Yeah. So you look
back over for, it was
the way I wrote basically.
Oh, that's right. Yeah. Hey
exactly. We're going to try
it out with our kid.
We're just waiting for the
kids To be boring. I
sat down and I was
like, okay, I think I
should probably write some tests.
And it was a calf
and it was done, you
know? And it's horrible to
look at him. You had
to learn WPF as well.
And WPF is kind of
hard to learn, right? It's
like, it's a whole different
world. It's a mess. And
I remember you blogging about
that. And I worked with
WPF enough to see what
you were talking about, where
you have to kind of,
you have to make some
attempts that suck to learn
it. Right. You have to
make mistake. So that's what
I did with every smashed.
I made it suck on
purpose. And then I'm trying
to dig myself out of
the suck. I'll write it
four times before I'm done.
Exactly. I'll write it four
times before I'm done. This
is my philosophy with stack
overflow. We're just going to
keep writing it until we
get it right. I mean,
if people can make millions
of dollars writing crappy PHP,
God knows what websites. Yeah,
we are certainly better than
that. Yeah. The fact that
Facebook even exists is should,
should be. That should make
you feel better about yourself.
You just look at the
code of WordPress and you
will disavow all code quality
for the rest of your
life. Cause you'll realize it
totally doesn't matter. WordPress is
a huge monster and it's
the worst code. It's horrible.
I don't know really, but
due to my soul, I
looked at, if I looked
at that code, that would
probably, it would be a
dark line. It would just
melt. It would just melt
your brain. And you realize
that code quality is very
low on the list of
things that matter. And that
said, I mean, we are
Good. Yeah. We're not writing
crap. It's just, I think
we're choosing some unorthodox methods
just to get things done.
Yeah. That's the way I
would describe it. Cool. And
then too, you know, I
use stack overflow to ask
questions about stack overflow. I
mean the system can build
itself. It's starting to get
embarrassed though. I'm starting to,
I asked a question on
stack overflow, like my first
question  flow. I just
want to answer the damn
question. I'm worried that people
are gonna think I'm a
dork for asking some question.
That's a stupid question. You
know, don't make a stupid
question. Batch, please. Did you
see John, John SIG posted
some stuff? No way. I
never realized like, Oh my
God, we're not worthy. We're
not worthy. And the funny
thing is half the people
probably didn't know who he
was. So because it was
just some Joe Schmoe answering
their question, they didn't realize
like he's a God, you
know? Yeah. It was on
a jQuery itself. It was
great. And then it became
the accepted answer. Like the
question asked her actually accepted.
Okay, here you go. You
need a famous person stab.
The one question I've asked
on stack overflow, I have
not received a satisfactory answer.
I know I felt bad
about that. I tried to,
I tried to bump your
question. Did you see that?
Yeah. What is your question?
It was a, it was
a question like how to
do a request throttling. And
I know we were talking
about on the podcast, we
were abusing the cash. Well,
I'm abusing the crap out
of the cash by just
putting in no simple records,
like a user's IP address
and what we're trying to
throttle like as the key
and yo just no value
and you know, it'll automatically
expire. So when somebody posts
a question, if that records
in the cash, you know,
we'll throttle them. If it's
not in the cash, you
know, we'll put it in
there and you know, do
the action that we're abusing
the cash in that manner.
I couldn't think of a
better way. Tell me a
week. And I'll, I'll ask
some guys internally. Okay. Yeah,
that'd be great. Cool. Cool.
Alright. You guys awesome. Thanks
so much. This will probably
go up. Not this Friday,
but next Friday. Yeah. And
also with regards to stack
overflow, I mean, if you
have time, we could give
you access to the code.
I mean, if you want
to come in and just,
you know, critique it or
if there's some specific area
you feel like we suck.
I don't know what value
we provide at that point.
I mean, yeah. Well that's
the thing. I mean, you
know, it's, it's completely voluntary
and it's up to you.
Yeah. But what I'm saying
is, I don't know, honestly,
if I would provide you
value, I mean, if I
know what I care about
and if you don't care
about those things, then that's
cool, but me saying, it's
not going to change it.
Right. I am fearful for
your security. That's the first
thing you looking at. So
we'll just go in and
change all our passwords. The
really long passphrase. Yeah. I
thought about passwords and you
know, it, it's not about
passwords. It's about physical security.
You're not going to get
somebody at Microsoft to like
use the special Microsoft backdoor
to it. No password is
bill G. No, we don't
do that anymore. No. Seriously.
If you feel very strongly
about something, I mean, okay,
so security, right? We'll take
that under advisement. I mean,
we just need to remote
desktop into the server. So
I mean, you're just saying
the database server, we would
never be able to ruin.
I mean, what are you
proposing? Exactly. Tell me what
you were proposing. You would
have. I don't know what
kind of firewalls and stuff
you have in the front,
but you got here, your
main firewall, the front, it
was just some physical piece
of hardware. And that probably
would be a load balancer
for the future. When you
have multiple web servers that
would have a white list
of URL styles that we
would allow through. And of
course, blacklists of bad IP
is and stuff like that.
And you'd have your web
server, then you'd have another
firewall that would let only
traffic from that Mac address.
And that machine you'd have
IP sec talking from the
web server to the SQL
server and do that. You
know, you'd have impersonation at
that point. SQL server would
be behind at that 0.2
firewalls and would have one,
you know, one port open,
you'd have a separate network
back plane for administration. That
is not part of the
open internet. So your web
server and your SQL server
are not on the same
network, meant that their management
stuff is bound to a
different Nick to physical Nicks
that are separate. And you
would be doing your RDP
by RDP first into the
DMZ and then RDP from
there into the boxes themselves.
Yeah. But how would you
do this in the context
of like orcs, web, You
talk to them and you
work it out. I have
a physical box of Rockwell
to do whatever I ask
them do. Okay. I'm just
saying, you were saying, at
some point you'll be dig
sized and then you got
to stop then, then you
know, and I'm just talking
hyperbolically here, but you did
not manage your hours over.
You think you have people
trying to hack you now.
Right? Right. I have to
do that kind of setup
for other e-commerce type stuff
that I'm running. I've never
really taken a real strong
focus to this cause we
really aren't start storing like
credit card information, even login
and usernames and passwords don't
end up in the database.
So we don't know. So
as far as our surface
plane, yes. Somebody can get
in there and do damage
and destroy the database. So
what do we do? We
restore from a backup. Okay.
Yeah. It's about reputation. It's
about saying, when does the
blog post go up? That
I hacked Joel on software.
I hacked, Right? Yeah. That
reputation because your whole site's
on about reputation, right? It's
a programming question site and
nothing would be more embarrassing
in my perspective than to
blog than to destroy the
website. If someone that's got
a sip, a website about
answering questions, it's true. We've
had a few renegades where
early on in our beta
that really loves to get
in there and muck, The
only thing that could go
be worse than that would
be extended downtime. But I'm
also saying this, and this
is like 10% of what
I'm talking about. 10%. What
I'm talking about is that
as an asp.net MVC site,
I would hate to get
you that you'd be hacked.
And then someone playing NBC,
right? You need to have,
you know, do these to
have ice happy we right.
And URL scan installed. We,
we have a rewrite installed.
I did not install Earl
scan because I was afraid
it would break open ID.
It does have a little
bit of an issue with
open ID, but all you
have to do is make
sure that that one end
point is cool. So on
my side, I haven't reopened
ID problem because every single
comment page is there's an
end point that someone could
potentially log into, but you
don't have that problem. Right.
So your asking scan would
be a great way to
you up leave how much
you're getting hit. Probably with
just random bullshit. Just to
see if someone's going hit
you with more than, you
know, a certain amount of
characters. I think I was
waiting. There's no really true.
Earl scan yet. Is
there, we're still waiting on
that Earl scan three or
leave is that I asked
him in our old scam
it's in beta. Right? And
then there's the new URL,
rewriting module. Yeah. Rewriting. We're
doing, that's a core, in
fact, I just installed the
go live the other day.
Okay. And then there's one
other you might want to
look at, which is called
a R R, which is
a forward proxy. It's like
Apaches mod proxy. It lets
you do things like reverse
proxies and stuff. So that
would be a way for
you to do port forwarding
and were written in reverse
proxy stuff. So you could
have, you could have your
boxes farther behind the firewall
and rather than just doing
port forwarding from the inside,
you could do proxying from
the outside. Right. Well, let
me play a little bit
of devil's advocate here. Okay.
So if there were these,
this is a pretty typical
config. In my opinion, we
have windows firewall going. We're
only allowing like basically FTP
web and remote desktop. Those
are the only things that
are getting through the windows
server firewall. Right. And granted,
you can always have more
security, but how is this
any different than the average
Microsoft customer hooking up a
server? That's supposed to be
secure out of the box.
Right? For the most part,
I totally agree. And putting
it on the public web.
I mean, if we have
massive vulnerabilities based on, based
on, you know, right. I'm
talking as a guy who
spent seven years in banking,
that's all right. Once you've
done it, once you spent
that much time doing this,
you can't think otherwise. Right.
You know, I mean, dash
blog, Dutch blog is COVID
base, but it's never going
to happen. I'm just saying
that there has to be
some default level of security
expectation around putting modern operating
system on the web, behind
its normal firewall. You have
to have some reasons They
never put RDP on a
public web server ever. And
I would never put a
SQL server on a web
server box ever. Right. That
was never opened 1433 or
whatever that I, you know,
the address and I just
wouldn't do it. I would
never have un-encrypted traffic moving
between two boxes inside the
DMZ. Right. So I would
encrypt the traffic between the
web server and SQL server.
And that's just, that's just
me. I would say that
it's probably like closing the
last one, half of 1%
of problems. Like it could
potentially happen, but it makes
me, it would make me
sleep better at night. I
could not sleep knowing that
I had a parasite as
popular as yours as wide
open as yours. That's fair.
That's fair. I mean, this
is definitely the kind of
feedback I'm looking at here.
No, but some people just,
they don't, they don't lock
their car and they're like,
yeah, I live in a
nice neighborhood. Right. And that's
totally fine. Except for the
one time when your car
has gone, but you never
know when that's going to
happen. You could live your
entire life. My grandmother's 95,
never been in an accident.
Never had her car stolen.
Never locked your doors. Or
if you live down here
in Corvallis, you know, you
know everybody, you could see
your car driving down the
street and go, I do.
Ah, cool. And we're just
neighbors sorta. Yeah. We both
live in little towns in
Oregon. How far far is
that? He's about 45 minutes
away. Yeah. Oh, well the
next Scott, the next time
you do like a geek
lunch or something, you should
make sure. Yeah. Jeff, you
should go. I mean, do
you, Scott, do you ever
do anything locally? Actually, I
was down at Corvette. I
was at an Oregon state
giving this presentation recently, so
yeah, I should Good. Next
time. You're doing some locally
ping me or Jeff and
we'll make sure Jeff is
there. Cool. Well dude, thanks
for doing the podcast with
us. And as always, I
mean, we definitely every, all
this input, particularly from leaders
like yourself, we look at
it and take very seriously.
So obviously we're going to
look at the RDP thing
and see what we can
do about that. Cool. You
know, ask, ask around. I've
got a buddy of mine
who is a chief security
officer at, at Kirlian. He's,
he's hanging out now. He
cashed in his stock options.
If you're interested in talking
to anybody about security, you
know, he, this guy, this
is Greg Hughes, right as
radio. All right. You're listening
to run as radio tonight.
T podcasts on Carl Franklin's
network. I haven't listened to
it, but I do know
the name. Yeah. Anyway, Greg
hughes.net. He's a security expert,
but you know, any of
those guys just talk to
Carl or two, I'm actually
the best guy to talk
to about security and network
stuff would be, would be
fricking Richard Campbell. I'll do what
you're gonna do. You could,
you should do this. You
should talk to Richard. Campbell
is he is an owner
of strange loop networks. Strange
loop networks is currently working
on an appliance that sits
like in your fi after
your firewall. That is a,
an out of band caching
thing like velocity. And they're
looking at ways to accelerate
NBC right now you just
plug the appliances and you
push a button and then
new offload stuff, like, you
know, all your cash issues
moving off of a hardware
appliance, Right? Yeah, no, that's
cool. I remember his trains
loop stuff. I had seen
some stuff about it. So
That'd be cool if you
guys play with philosophy yet,
We haven't looked at it
yet. I mean, eventually you're
right. Eventually we get to
a certain scale. You should
look at the city because
even if you didn't, even
if you kept your stuff
the way it is, like
which one, one box you
could have another whole box
dedicated to just caching, right.
And velocity supports in Prague,
out of proc cluster, whatever.
Right. Right. Adding more boxes
is in the, in the
cards. I mean, for sure
at the very least we're
going to have a separate
database server. Just, it's just
a question of when. Right.
And also we want to
move to SQL 2008. Do
you think we'll get a
big, do you think we'll
get any kind of performance
boost from going from 2005
to 2008 On the SQL
side? Maybe 20%. Yeah. Not
too much. Not as much
as you got from going
from iOS six to iOS
seven, 20% is a ton.
And that would be pretty
dramatic. It's just, there's a
lot more, apparently the query
analyzer speak to the, the
query plan is a lot
smarter. Now. I think we
are going to kind of
wait until service pack one,
just to be sure. Everything's
nailed down. It's really good.
On 64 bit machines with
eight gigs around that's where
the, where the sweet spot
is, You know, what sucks
about upgrading our server? So
our server is four gig
to upgrade to eight gig
would cost us as much
per month as getting another
server. Ridiculous. Cool. All right.
Well, I do have to
run, but I'll email you
in this podcast and I'll
catch you guys later. Thanks
again.